# team-project-go
LogEasy is a software used for logging purposes. Imagine you are a teacher and want to take attendence of the entire classroom. Currently in
University of Cinciantti, you would have to make a quiz or assignement and having to setup a quiz or assignement for every single time you want
to get the attendece of class could be tedious. Instead, our software LogEasy makes it so that the teacher runs the program, the student go to the
website provided by the teacher and put in their name and student ID. This way, there is no need to go through the hassel of making an assignment
just to take attendence.

The software architecture is a basic application that the users input their username into the website that is shared by the instructor. The insturctor runs the program, and when the students go the website and put their names, it saves that information into some sort of database. The instructor can access the database, perform query to find out attendence and manipulate data in variety of ways to help them with attendence. The data thats stored will be the username and the date and that will automatically check the attendence key such that it records that you were checked in. We intend to use SQL database and any language that has API to communicate with an SQL database. In addition, there will be a website for the UI and the program will be given to the instructor.

According to our vision, this program is mainly used to confirm the user's sign-in status. Simply put, it is to enable the user to log in, so the logic of the system is data and database, so we think the system can be built. We are going to use python to complete this project. The data we interact with is the data entered by the user, and the data we will store is the user data that exists in our database. We ensure the basic operation logic of our program project by comparing the data in the database with the input data. The modules we interact with are referenced pictures, data comparison and storage. 
